# ASMBytecode_ZSC

First assignment for my Compilers course. This project sets a solid foundation for writing java bytecode using the ASM library.
<br>
Heres a very simple and abstracted view of what the generation files are doing using the ASM library:
  - Create a ClassWriter.
  - Let said ClassWriter auto compute stack map frames based on bytecode (so we dont have to present the stack map frames ourself).
  - Use a MethodVisitor Instance to instantiate class.
  - Use a MethodVisitor Instance to instantiate main method.
  - Perform set of mv calls to write create your class.
  - Get the byte array stored by the ClassWriter object.
  - Write said byte array to a .class file.

# The Assignment Tasks

1. Muliply two numbers (I, L, F, and D), store them, and then print each result
(gen1.java,program1.class)
2. Subtract two numbers (I, L, F, and D), store them, and then print each result
(gen2.java,program2.class)
3. Divide two numbers (I, L, F, and D), store them, and then print each result
(gen3.java,program3.class)
4. Compare two numbers (I, S, L) to determine which is bigger and print it
(gen4.java,program4.class)
5. Declare and print String Variables (gen5.java,program5.class)
6. Get input from the user using the Scanner class (I, L, and D) (gen6.java,program6.class)
7. Implement a While Loop (gen7.java,program7.class)
8. Implement If. . . Then . . . Else (gen8.java,program8.class)
9. Get input (I or D), from the user, run a loop that adds that number to an accumulator,
and then print the result. (gen9.java,program9.class)

# What was learned
- Decompiling java class files to see bytecode:
  ```console
  javap -v <class_file>
  ```
- Referencing native java generated class files and translating it to personal generation of bytecode using ASM.
- Running ASM generated bytecode in command line.



# Running the Generated Class Files

1. Clone the repository
2. Open a terminal in the root folder of the project (where the "program<#>.class files are).
3. Use java command line to run desired class file.
   <br>
```console
java program<#>.class
```
